//// ZACCARIA
Good afternoon everybody,
we are group sixteen, today we present our drum kit project.

Our main goal was to create a comfortable and ALL-IN-ONE interactive environment to facilitate
a musician during a live performance, expanding as much as possible the possibility
of interaction between human and hardware, without having to worry about the codes.

In particular, we can divide this setup into a part of direct interaction between
the midi devices and the server, and a part of network connections,
in which we have created a framework for future expansions and greater interactions,
over the distances.

////  LORENZO -> Slide 2

Our Drumkit is composed by 9 drums or percussive sounds that can be played with
a launchpad but also by 5 synthesisers that can be played with a MIDI keyboard.

Moreover, 4 different effects can be applied to the sounds.
The musician can also add his own voice to the composition using an input microphone.

To better manage and modify the different sections we divided the code in 5 different Supercollider scd files.

We also dedicated a specific code file to the serial, OSC and MIDI connections with the external devices.

////    ALESSANDRO -> Slides 3 and 4

	As far as it concerns the Interaction Design, 3 communications methods have been implemented:

	MIDI: implemented 3 devices (Keyboard, launchPad and launchControl)

	OSC: implemented via TouchOSC which is an app that allows the user to create his own interface to control the messages.	     
	
	Serial: Lastly, for the serial standard, an ultrasound sensor has been implemented for controlling the reverb effect.

	Regarding the Network Architecture instead, we wanted a piece of software that could allow many users, disregarding where they phisically are,
	to play at the same time.
	In order to do so, the Network Architecture has been structured in a Multi-client fashion; it means that a single server applies changes on the signal
	while many clients control it.
	Finally we have decided to create an animation which my colleague Luca is going to discuss about.

//// LUCA -> Slide 5

Last but not least, we wanted to create a procedural animation capable of changing
and moving acording to the different sounds of the drum kit.
We used a specific programming language called Processing.
We started from a code that we found on the web that allows to make an animation
on mp3 track and we implemented it in such a way that it works on the real audio
buffer to make a cool animation in real time!
We used the MInim library and a particoular driver called "virtual audio-cable"
to take the audio that came out from an application on the computer and reinsert
it into the computer as an input to another application.
